Update hardware-requirements-for-the-teams-app.md (#7059)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/hardware-requirements-for-the-teams-app.md

|Hard disk    | 3.0 GB of available disk space        |
|Display    |   1024 x 768 screen resolution |
|Graphics hardware |  Windows OS: Graphics hardware acceleration requires DirectX 9 or later, with WDDM 2.0 or higher for Windows 10 (or WDDM 1.3 or higher for Windows 10 Fall Creators Update)

> |Operating system  |    Windows 10, Windows 10 on ARM, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2019, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2012 R2. Note: We recommend being on the latest OS version build available for windows and security patches.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Operating system  |    Windows 10, Windows 10 on ARM, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2019, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2012 R2. Note: We recommend using the latest Windows version and security patches available.|
```
